add Wrangler 'find_additional_modules' documentation (#17524)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/workers/wrangler/configuration.mdx

};
```

### Find additional modules

Normally Wrangler will only include additional modules that are statically imported in your source code as in the example above.
By setting `find_additional_modules` to `true` in your configuration file, Wrangler will traverse the file tree below `base_dir`.
Any files that match `rules` will also be included as unbundled, external modules in the deployed Worker.
`base_dir` defaults to the directory containing your `main` entrypoint.

> See https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/wrangler/bundling/ for more details and examples.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See [the developer docs on bundling](/workers/wrangler/bundling/) for more details and examples.
```
